MM-30436 Initialize server configuration with custom defaults (#4156)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

Finally, if a setting is configured through an environment variable, modifying it in the System Console is disabled.

For any setting that is not set in ``config.json`` or in environment variables, the Mattermost server uses the default value as documented in the sections below.

.. note::
   If a setting is set through an environment variable and any other changes are made in the System Console, the value stored of the environment variable will be written back to the ``config.json`` as that setting's value.

.. warning::
   Database connection strings for the database read and search replicas need to be formatted using `URL encoding <https://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_urlencode.asp>`__. Incorrectly formatted strings may cause some characters to terminate the string early, resulting in issues when the connection string is parsed.
   
**Load Custom Configuration Defaults**

> Starting from Mattermost v5.30, you can load a set of custom configuration defaults using an environment variable.

Reviewer: Adding a bit more information about when this configuration applies

```suggestion
Starting from Mattermost v5.30, you can load a set of custom configuration defaults using an environment variable. This custom configuration will apply only if the values are not already present in the current server configuration.
```

> Starting from Mattermost version 5.30, you can load a set of custom configuration defaults using an environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from Mattermost v5.30, you can load a set of custom configuration defaults using an environment variable.
```

> 1. Create a ``custom.json`` file that contains the custom configuration defaults.

Reviewer: nit: making explicit that the file name is an example

```suggestion
1. Create a JSON file that contains the custom configuration defaults, for example ``custom.json``.
```

> 2. Edit the ``config.json`` file to include the new environment variable ``MM_CUSTOM_DEFAULTS_PATH=custom.json``.

Reviewer: Reference the server startup process:

```suggestion
2. When starting the server, point the custom defaults environment variable to the defaults file: ``MM_CUSTOM_DEFAULTS_PATH=custom.json``.
```
